here are some fixes for the compositor tab:

the canvas doesnt update in real time because something is making it really slow, it takes about 5 seconds to have anything at all on the UI update, perhaps it is because we are rendering everything in full quality all the time, maybe instead we should render the canvas in a lower quality while the user is moving or doing any kind of editing that involves transforming an object, and then switch to full quality when there is no kind of changes happeneing for more than 1 second, if changes start to happen within the window, immediately dump the high quality rendering and respond to the edits again.

when adding editor projects to the canvas, sometimes some of the rendered images from the projects are added to the canvas in an upside down state, i am not sure if this is due to a miscommunication between the editor render pipeline engine, or a already applied rotational transform on the composite tab canvas when the render is added to the canvas.


i want to somewhat change the way the canvas works, since what i am seeing right now doesnt seem quite right, especially on exports. instead of the canvas auto conforming to the bounds of objects on it, i would like an infinite canvas (or seemingliy) where in order to export, the user has to set draggable bounds for where to export, with presets for 16/9, 3/4, 4/3, 9/16, 1/1, and custom. this bounds system should show up on the canvas as a scaleable draggable rectangle made of lines, where each side has a draggable handle to adjust the size, and the entire rectangle can be dragged around the canvas. this export stage should not allow the user to move or edit anything else on the canvas, just the bounds box where the exported part of the canvas will be.
after the bounds are set, the next step is picking a resultion, which can either be custom, OR the user can click on different things that are both on the canvas and inside the bounds box, and the resolution of the render will change so that it can pixel match 1 to 1 with the selected object. This does not mean that if the user chooses an object on the canvas that is 1920 by 1080, that the output will be 1920 by 1080, because what if that image is scaled down on the canvas? that would mean that the resolution would need to be larger in order to account for that, so this is the logic behind exports, (and just ensuring that the canvas doesnt magically make objects change size or position and anything else when being exported).


adding images from the editor; they appear on the canvas huge with no way to scale their size down except the scale, slider but it doesnt work super well and doesnt usually go down far enough, to see the whole thing

export tab doesnt open